and high-profile updates begin to speak
almost three years before the release
and sometimes even earlier and usually
not groundless and rumors of real
information from developers keep track of
all this simple man in the street is not always
easy
if you are one of them specifically for
You created a rubric where I clean up
accumulate facts already known and
also share your expectations
regarding the upcoming project today
tom clancy's the division patient
new this one that french publisher this
always events are not always so
awesome how are you waiting for him but still
event in the case of divisions I implement
developers at least half of
promised she still risks becoming
a hit given that this is also mom
project wait sekula to work on
mistakes are unlikely to have a place
actions will be new york more precisely one of
its manhattan island pieces
but nobody excludes the possibility
adding rest in the future that's not
I can understand why everyone is so attracted
the notorious big apple every second
a movie or a game about apocalypse or some
invasion necessarily happens
new york is all from sincere love for
megalopolis
or vice versa from fierce hatred sits
imagine such a director fucking new york
hate this trash a-ah-rave to i
her with the land of her new movie
although it's possible the whole thing is that this
the city is the main symbol of freedom
for americans and destroying it
the creator hope to squeeze out
of americans
genuine tears of sorrow but something i
distracted let's go back own where weights
what exactly is this
the game is positioned like him
third-person MMO shooter in the open
the world
There would be more elements of the rating RTS
add and get a full deck judging
on the gameplay video look all
just stunning and it's not
only about the graphics from which
involuntarily ssysh boiling water
as well as about many other elements but about
all in order and first in line
goes the plot more precisely with this because how about
the plot itself is not known practically
nothing to be thrown into the near future
nothing foretold trouble as suddenly
the black
Friday is it they have a day of mad discounts
so if someone does not occur courses
so black events that word
black is beginning to be associated with
something bad
fucking racists so here are the reasons
the appearance of this terrible virus is not
simple accident and someone's evil intent
on the one hand everything seems to have begun
as a government experiment
which by the way was implemented in
reality 14 years ago just sort of
make-believe
on the other hand the destruction of financial
center of the country could hardly enter
plans of officials so either there was
some conspiracy or a banal mistake
reasoning and guessing can be infinite
better wait for the release
but somehow the virus was launched a
scientists began to count at first
day overwhelmed all the hospital for 2 all
closed for quarantine at 3 falls stock exchange
4 lost electricity and water and
the shops are all empty 5 people person
the wolf and the former are ready to kill their neighbor
only five days to civilized
man to roll on evolutionary
the stairs to the very bottom at least
This opinion is shared by the developers
interesting to come out in real life
There are willing to experiment
so here we have to play for so
called members of the strategic
divisions of the motherland something like
specially trained sleeping agents
peacetime leading ordinary life per hour
x we get a task to clean up
Of course there is nowhere and without any
conspiracies
so all this nonsense with a virus is wrong
as simple as it seems someone hey well
and we rake in the general plot is still not
the strongest side
oh well at least the fact that in all
troubles are not to blame for the evil Russian
warms the soul if not the plot then what
then for the division so interesting in
first as we said earlier graphics
snowdrop really strikes of course
we may well be deceived hi
watch dog
but if you imagine that this game will be
look exactly like what they showed
on the stands in front of the developers can
take off your hat
lighting reflection animation all
looks just awesome following on
that you pay attention to ubisoft interface
generally like such experiments
remember at least splinter cell
conviction where the job and other text
projected onto the walls here have gone yet
farther
players are equipped with special lenses
formative extra reality
that kind of minimized hololens from
T-shirt in general maps projected straight
around us
window skill on wristwatch + all
around can be scanned in the same manner
looking dogs considering that the yard
2050 it was not without
high-tech items
and everyones there self-guided grenades and
autonomous turrets and flying drones in
the general setting provides good room for
fantasy after all division still mom
so many rightly can
wonder what to do there
sociopath without friends question more than ever
important and the developers have on it
the answer in the game is planned to be realized
automatic partner selection system which
will pick you ally
comparable to your skills and yes
it turns out to be alone playing too
possible but we all know that this is not
as interesting as I said earlier
there will be rpb component but no
rigid divisions into classes although
depending on the skills pumped each
the player will play his own role
so far nothing is clear what's up with the inventory
according to the developers, it accommodates in
yourself 72 hours of supplies like this
gameplay unknown unknown yes
okay another interesting gameplay
element which is worth mentioning
support the application and a companion
this is not just a primitive application with
statistics or maps of some kind
using this application it will be possible to
fully participate in the game in
the quality of drone drones from renders
nehily such help here highlight
there shoot down the claims
event developers all over the game
the world will evolve depending on
actions and decision players
how it will be implemented is still unclear
may be doing fractionation
maybe for clans
one way or another the balance of some forces in the end
will solve a lot in general for the division
currently judging because to us
demonstrated and promised
looks extremely tempting truth in
it may end up completely
not what we're waiting for but let's treat
to the game as optimistic as possible
at least before the release, but we'll see
what yes how
Well, that's all I tried for you
team time video game script
Vladimir Skrynnik
montage alexander sword read text
Dmitri Zubarev do not live one life
live by many
play games watch a movie and listen
good music and don't forget
subscribe to our channel not to
skip new videos to new meetings